While technically a caravan, they rarely spend the whole seasonal journey together. They make up the bulk of the martial forces of the Crystal Caravans, and as such they are often split between the caravans to bolster defenses and train others in martial arts. They are more of a caravan in spirit, sharing a common oath to serve the dragons as the protectors of the Crystal Caravans.

Andirig - Tiefling. 55. She/her. Leader of The Caravan Ogud, a Crystal Elder, and Martial Elder of The Crystal Caravans. Has a commanding presence, a booming voice, and the strength and grit to back it up. She is not someone who often needs to demand respect. Does not believe in the use of violence out of hand, and teaches diplomacy and reason alongside martial prowess. Just, don’t cross her. Rarely smiles.

Ibahin - Changeling (often in the form of a dragonborn). 27. He/him. A warrior with The Caravan Ogud. He only discovered that he was a changeling at the age of 25. Because he had been (to his knowledge) born into and raised among a community of dragonborn, he thought he was one and thus, never thought to change his shape--until a fateful night of drinking with da boiz where he was jokingly imitating the Martial Elder and ended up shapeshifting into her form. Needless to say, it came as a shock to everyone. He is not the sharpest tool in the shed, and can be a bit of a layabout, but when push comes to shove he is brave. Because his shape-shifting powers are still new to him, he can often be seen eagerly practicing them and taking on the shape of most anyone and everyone he encounters (usually privately, or only within the Caravan).
  
Barishe - Tabaxi. 43. She/her. Logistics and tactical Elder of The Caravan Ogud. Younger sister to Thresher of the Caravan Shadn, and Packs’ aunt. Very close with her sister-in-law Yama (Packs’ mom). A jovial sort, with a raucous laugh and a penchant for carousing. Will talk freely in rumors, jokes, and stories, and pokes fun at everyone--no matter their station. Seemingly the only person who can get Martial Elder Andirig to crack a smile.**