The Caravan Shadn is chiefly responsible for the logistics and maintaining of the food and supply sources along the main route (both harvest and trade), as well as keeping living histories of the areas they travel through and the people they interact with.

Yurill - Orc. 26. He/him. Leader of the Caravan Shadn, one of the youngest in its history. Usually this role is held for the older members of the Caravan, but Yurill has stepped in to take the place of his deceased mother Shamir and has worked hard to prove himself worthy. Yurill has committed himself fully to his role as a leader, doing as much as he can to fill the absence that his mother left. He is seen as steadfast, stubborn, and very deliberate (perhaps on the verge of sometimes being too methodical and thoughtful). He does not enjoy bloodshed or combat. He GREATLY enjoys times where he can cut loose and proverbially let his hair down. Though these times are few and far between. A possible candidate to send to the mother Crystal Caravan to train as a Crystal Elder. (Also his seeming deliberateness and thoughtfulness is often also dealing with the anxiety of being in this leadership role). One of few words, though he wasn’t always this way.

  

Renrin - Half-orc. 23. They/them. Yurill’s younger sibling and member of the Caravan guard+mercenary band. The de facto head of combat and defense for the Caravan Shadn. Is aiming to become a part of the Caravan Ogud. They can be seen as a gruff, intense, muscle-bound fighter upon first glance, but get to know them and you’ll find that their intensity is an abundance of energy, and that they’re surprisingly nerdy? They can certainly take you down on the field of battle, hands down. But they are most interested in battle tactics and studying in-depth different forms of fighting and martial arts--and dance! They will talk to you for hours about these interests, and is always willing to teach people how to dance.

  

Yama - Tabaxi. 57. She/her. A scholar and storyteller of the Caravan Shadn, and Packs’ mother. A keeper of histories and folklore. She is also highly studied in the art, history, theory, and practice of cooking and cooking-related culture in the peoples of Pagano Bansaland. She is known for her sage wisdom and quick wit. 

  

Thresher - Tabaxi. 53. He/him. Packs’ father, and takes a sort of quartermaster and ecologist role in the Caravan Shadn. He has chief responsibility over keeping track of where ingredients, goods, and materials come from as well as how, where, and why things are grown, raised, harvested, and made (both for things that the Caravan trades for, and things they harvest and propagate themselves). A very down-to-earth kind of guy. Laid back. Messily organized. Has no free time, but acts as relaxed as if he had all the time in the world.

  

Quena - Yuan-ti “half-blood”. ???. They/them. The Caravan Shadn’s alchemist, apothecary, and medic. They lived at the fringes of the Caravan, not fully accepted socially because they came from outside of the Caravan (*and* already had knowledge of the Caravans’ involvement with dragon eggs). Things are changing now, and Quena has been more accepted. There is talk of them possibly being inducted as an Elder, after all that they’ve done as the Caravan Shadn’s primary healer. This is *not* a popular idea amongst Caravans at large (especially with the leadership of the Caravan Kimik). Quena is often seen as mysterious, and this is an identity that they often play into, purposefully speaking to strangers in circuitous ways or in riddle-like phrases. Those who know them would say they are incredibly patient, if aloof. They are easily distracted--not out of any ill-will, but simply because there is so much to be interested in!

  

Gemma - Tabaxi. 32. She/they. Packs’ older sister, considered one of the most skilled of the Caravan’s younger generation, and thus a candidate to train as an Elder in *the* Crystal Caravan (a Crystal Elder). She has trained under her parents and even Quena, and trained alongside Renrin in the martial arts. Her and Yurill share a sort of rivalry for this position as a Crystal Elder, though it is one that has moreso been thrust upon them (not that there’s not a kernel of it in both of their hearts, though). After all, they can both become Crystal Elders. But for both of them to leave simultaneously would be hard on the Caravan Shadn, so there is a tacit understanding that one of them would have to stay behind. She is incredibly strong-willed and focused, and will get done whatever she sets her eyes on doing. 

  

Rohyan - Orc. 136. She/her. Yurill’s great grandmother. Being the eldest living member of the Caravan Shadn, and one of the eldest in the whole of the Crystal Caravans, she holds a great wealth of knowledge and wisdom. She has the rank of Crystal Elder, making her the technical “leader” of the Caravan Shadn in rank, but she recognizes that Yurill’s capacity to lead is greater than her own in her old age. She was Yama’s mentor, and serves as a spiritual and cultural guide to the members of the Caravan. Her memory is beginning to slip away, and she spends most of her day laying down or sitting and talking to folks or resting, unable to walk or stand for long periods. She accepts with grace that her mind is “getting prepared for its longest slumber” (aka her mental faculties are beginning to decay), though she can be frustrated with this fact at times. She greatly values her sharpness, knowledge, and wisdom after all, and recognizes just how much there still is to learn and teach in the world.